Yaya Yaya
Mr. Lu was fortunate
I brought Yaya back
Hey, the good boy is finally back.
Nice job.
Liu Kunna, the master of the world redeems Yaya
Astronomy, you refuse to leave your wedding
Liu Kun will come over after accompanying him to prepare the congratulatory gift.
That's impossible. How could it be you?
What if it's me
How dare you make trouble at Mr. Lu's wedding?
You are just a new god of war
How dare you yell at my teacher?
Okay, so long
I have to continue with the wedding
You'd better hurry up.
Think of a way to kill yourself
Don't get complacent too early
No family, hundreds of people.
Now you want to have a happy family
You, I tell you
Today not only can't move the vitality
You have to move things that don't know how to live or die
Break 206 bones in his body and throw them out
What are you doing?
My master is Zuo
Dare to disturb Mr. Lu
Looking for death is a big female god of war
Really majestic
For a mere ant
Even my apprentice dares to beat